F
dude Oh
Ramon Today is the
day you left the live on
Twitch Okay, so let me know that it's
coming back
everywhere How weird that my
internet is going out dude
How weird that my internet is going out dude
what the [ __ ] is this dude I mean how is
my response going to be Javi
oliveira maybe I didn't understand my
message I'm going to send him a message
from here gu
gu that's how I understood the only thing I can
say wow we have to translate it dude there's
tiktok Javi oliveira's favorite cryptocurrency
Coin and Coin if there are things that
bother me and I don't
need to shut up then I don't
shut up I don't have to suck
anyone's dick I don't have to put up with anyone it's not up to me
that he sues me or I have to
pay 100 euros of fine 100 euros Because
someone is bothered by me calling him a dog, there
comes a point where I don't give a damn so
much that I'm going to say what I
think and that's it, wall yourself against rabies
just in case instead of Javi the brat he
usually calls himself  it's Javi the canine
if he sues me or I go to court I'll make a
meme I'll make a meme I'll present it to you you
invest I take out the liquidity I steal it and
pay the lawyer maybe I didn't
understand my
message Javier Lira I'm going to send him a
message from here woof woof woof woof
gu gu gu gu gu Guu gu Wow that's how I
understood it the only thing I can say Wow
woof it needs to be translated man man there's a
person that I don't know if it was him or if
he paid for it to be
done So it was true that you have a button to freeze the WiFi Well yes Triana Nero my WiFi froze the bad thing eh I don't know how many members we already had in the same live man I mean he paid someone to do this no
Look he puts a mirror here woof woof he
put a
puppy emoji here he put a puppy here and he
put a filter here
a dog a dog
Look how crazy eh No no but but but
Look
oh God of my life eh
mother of
beautiful love I thank you for everything  the
work and effort invested to
denounce that despicable being from
Dallas there are people who unfortunately have not been
able to face their taxes
and the Treasury has not forgiven them I am glad to
see that there are people with balls like
you But how is a person not going to be able to
pay taxes let's see
directly when you collect a part
goes to taxes, in other words, as if they have not been
able to face the taxes
that they have wanted I do
not love you handsome Hash [ __ ] dog from
Dallas
I am a
part-time mother tdh blue hearts Well
my daughter I hope you are not going to
teach your son that this is okay
because of this literally me because I take
things from who they come but this is a
little bully no the attitude
no I mean eh
look at you what You are applauding
maybe you did not understand my message
Javier Lira I am going to send him a message
from here woof woof woof woof gu gu gu gu gu
Wow that's how I understood it the only thing I
can say Wow woof it has to be
translated man Oh
tiktok Well my daughter Hash [ __ ] dog from
Dallas
man
my mother  that guy is 9 years old How old is he
for your response to be wow
wow look at what they're putting on and tagging me look at
me the truth
sincerely If I were old enough but
you guys realize if I were old enough
Ah is this argument of the law that you
took out of context How
funny Yes all this is because he
because he took published a law in which
he said that
if your lawyer did not report you I mean they
set the logic eh that if your
lawyer had indication that you had
committed a tax crime your lawyer
had to report you to the authorities I
mean imagine the face of your lawyer
later defending you Javi has it
in for that guy you gave him a beating
just by ex cer lic carle the tweet from
Pablo's By the way don't
go but if there isn't more I mean it's
an issue it's something that you know how I don't
pay attention to This guy has been
insulting me since the first time he
contacted me he's in another [ __ ] country
okay eh it feels with that impunity but it's
not all about things You
say them or don't say them only  if they
can sue you of course the fact that
you're going to live in the Congo Well it doesn't
give you the time to see how you can
do whatever you want okay but man
that there are people who applaud that like that
woman we just saw # [ __ ]
Dallas dog man if I were that age
Imagine if it affected me or
hurt me you know what obviously I'm not
going to start fighting with kids
my Leo's age you know but man you
Imagine this type of bullying no I mean
because you all start filling your
comment box with moj and
perro and doing this
denigrate no like denigrate like I don't know I
see it as a little bully eh the truth and besides
if it came story Look this is what he
said okay
and then I have the tweet which was I
think it's the only time I've
answered him something
eh What was this man I mean the
guy a kiss Roman the guy cut out you see
this law Well the guy cut out this this
this Cachito he cut it out like they always do they
falsify  the test a kiss witch Thank you
so much Thank you so much
we have lost the members of let's go we have not
lost it I will charge them they will still
add up but damn we have lost
count of how many we had in the other
live that we had like 150 members
damn I mean these people you can't believe
anything you put We have seen it
several times they make up things they
cut them from here they cut them from there I mean
the guy cut this from the law and the
guy was still arguing with me that
yes the law said that your lawyer has to
report you just like Ricky
with the restraining order just like
feeling in my face with a bunch
of things and people applaud her and out
because because because it is already cl because there is
more bullying in the in the answer
because for me like that girl we
just saw who says she is a mother and
like all those who are the dog the wet
and I don't know what or are little children are
people with some kind of problem I mean you ca
n't take it anymore you have to argue
with me you have an interpretation of
this law different from mine  it is spoken
okay Of course it is spoken but it's
that you Here You have cut this piece
to make it seem that the law is they must
lift their professional secrecy in
order to fight against
money laundering Okay and collaborate with the
authorities of course Now when you read it you
read it in full you go and look for the
full law which is the kids they are not going to
do that Hi Javi I have not
interacted here for years the latest things
that have happened with a certain kid with
glasses don't matter I follow the three of you and
the three of you are important to me I
came to tell you that I am feeling bad I am
in love with a boy and the good one for
things in his life he doesn't want anything But
some feelings but for things in his
life What is it son, well if it's things in
his life that he is not gay then
nothing can be done or whatever of course I don't know I don't know
what the case is But well sometimes it
happens eh that love is not reciprocated
I have been lucky that it is but
well don't worry there are many people in
the world and surely you like another one it's not a
problem no Let's see it's that if yes he is not
gay of course he says things about you  life and
maybe the thing about his life is that he's not
gay of course you can't do anything you
understand me
Eh well I said it okay you read the
whole law and the whole law is
telling you that no that the lawyer we can
understand therefore that the obligation
to provide information and break the
secrecy occurs not in the cases in which
the lawyers are limited to
advising but to those who participate
in the corresponding operations or
basically the lawyer is
involved and is an accomplice like
any law you understand me
eh but without further ado Thank you
very much witch thank you very much really that's it I've
caught you cutting the capture
as I've caught you a thousand times in a
bunch of lies that you've
cut you have manipulated
conversations you have done this you have done that
nothing happens but on top of that
you're manipulating your response is
insulting and
barking what can I tell you very well it doesn't
let you is covering up for
Dallas in case Dallas has the
Treasury there it may be covering up for
dala I mean you imagine your lawyer
imagine your  lawyer witch thanks
Imagine your lawyer files a complaint and then
trying to defend you in court, he would
have no defense if it's the same one who
reported you. I mean, imagine, eh, I mean,
your lawyer,
and yes, if it's a crime of tax fraud, he
has to go and report it to the
authorities whether you're a murderer or not. In
the case of murder, lawyers
can cover up wherever the
body is hidden and that kind of thing because of
professional secrecy, it makes no sense at
all to have problems. She'll also
say, Oh, I didn't know, of course, no [ __ ]. Oh,
and what's another
exclusive excursion? Well, what I was saying a
moment ago is that Lizy would also
be implicated for covering up for
D with everything she's doing, watch out,
the couple doesn't get away and now we'll get to
the exclusive about the lawyer and the mother,
Pablo Franco's lawyer. Javi You can
look at the camera for a while, it's almost over,
zero, a
kiss, have the license, about to
expire, the license, about to expire, look, the
license, about to expire, I mean, in
the case that, imagine that Dalas has
done something  they're going to condemn him or whatever
okay they're over here peeking no Ah over
here peeking nothing's happening
Enjoy the live man
imagine if it's
true
okay of course he says like nothing nothing at
any moment Pablo let's see the
first thing in the that case in which queas
had a
problem I already said it in yesterday's video so it
would be like a decade until that you
know we would know something 5 years 10 years
go know how long it could take Okay and
then then they would start with Pablo or I mean
Pablo would have It's close to 70 when
it's over it doesn't have any more
volume
Lourdes I have it at full volume I don't
have any more oh no I don't know that here
desktop audio is already at full but now it can be
heard
better Petri Fernndez the lawyer Pablo
Franco may have his license about to
expire take it away Why does he
tell us this would be Yes that would be another
bombshell some lose what they have because of
agony and because of not doing things right
and others because of protecting what they
have to protect because of cronyism
they commented on one thing to me M
so it's better not to touch the cell phone  because
every time I touch my phone they send me
things that are
happening why are you sending me this you
idiot hanging here
LoL Well I don't know what you have
hanging there Juan Iglesias but the lawyer
Thank you witch Thank you so
much Thank you so much to all of you who
are giving away member Pablo Franco
could be in trouble
if he shows you what he's going to tell you
next and I'll give you a sneak peek this
little kid you see here with a
little face who seems very good is
not a he's not a nobody like they're going to
want to paint him on other channels he's not a
stunned nobody who doesn't know what he's
saying an eminence is an eminence eh
Oy alui This is a
nobody I can't handle the internet I can't handle the
internet anymore I'm not going to be able to
eh I'm not going to be able to with this I'm not going to be able to with this I'm blinded by
ignorance those who empower money and
those who are driven by hatred for a person Tell
my girlfriend not to be jealous of you
because it's okay it's
okay if she gets
jealous that's a sign that she loves you not a
little no Let's see I'm looking for  the
following excerpt while we are
watching the nonsense this is a click of
context what
Juano does okay I already have it I have it I have
Hey witch What's wrong with you witch What
are you giving away? Ah a lot of members
but one by one separately
then c pen we have lost all the ones
we had and we have lost half of the
viewers if we had 3000 and some
viewers
man we had 3000 and some viewers they have been
lost along the way what
happened to them the dream or what have they
done and none of that no And also
has Another [ __ ] condition that they
can spend months eating a secret
and until everything is already advanced he does not
reveal any information yes crist bru has that that that
virtue that he
can spend months keeping a secret
you know and no he does not reveal any information until he is
sure of it Surely sure you know the
first thing he did when he
wrote a PDF for the Treasury witch
Thank you very much that he sent it to her he
sent the PDF now in August the
Treasury has gone to the Cell Channel and has
read it there okay or in other words the D I think he does
not suspect anything about the
investigations he has  behind with
these people Eh I think that D when he
meets Tol Perk it's going to catch him
completely by surprise Eh I have
my doubts eh Because it's that they are
very discreet let's see if it's true
that last month a month and a half ago he
was saying everything to Delox and then he
met him in person for
dinner you know but the thing is that he has that
virtue of not giving the enemy any clue
until the
guillotine is about to fall on his head n not
gone to the track eh I don't go to
any track Eh No no that's pure strategy
eh No no no no to not give the
enemy any clue Eh they never talk about
him I think that I think he can't
imagine Dallas with which me being
the lawyer and Dallas would be Looking
over my shoulder yeah let's see what's
coming to me let's see what's
coming to me it's possible that he'll lose his
license
eh I can't take the internet anymore man I can't
take any more with this on the internet I can't take any
more with this internet thing let's
see I came across this clip
and it really caught my attention says
Morata's great gesture with a  boy who
promised him a shirt okay And we can see
Morata
arriving he says to him the boy has saved the
shirt for me apparently on a
previous occasion hello hello hello hello on a
previous occasion apparently the boy
had asked him for the shirt and the
other had promised it to him okay Uh well he
saved the shirt for the boy and he
tells the kid to get in the
car get in the
car mom put me in the car right away right away
where are you going now I'll
bring it for him and he says the soccer player now I'll
bring it for him Thank you very much
manata this is heavy eh be this for the
kid Look what it is let's say
Chapo's lawyer is about to go to
jail for covering for him everyone's lawyer
because basically the job of
lawyers is to try to free you from
the aleos of course basically I mean
everyone's lawyers Hey by the way they've
tried to put a note from the
community eh on twitter giving the news
about Joan Plana they've tried to
put a note from the community very
discreet look at the note
that they wanted to put on me okay manipulate
the
information focusing on this with the
intention of pouring harassment on
a person okay I mean my information
is manipulated to pour harassment okay
on a person Javier Oliveira has already
been convicted previously for
these manipulations towards Joan Plana
and his sentence is found on several of
his
YouTube channels What is the manipulation and what does it have to
do with me having the
sentence
man
Ah only this user only has
rated this I mean
only has written this note from
the community this
user
Okay so failed failed failed
failed but well they wanted to give me
a note from the community to give me the
sentence this for kid look how
handsome this is eh I mean this for
the kid look eh
[Music] He
promised a shirt and he
kept it Look kid comes super
happy
[Music]
dude Of course dude Of course and it had
reminded me of this clip dude
reminded me of this clip okay posted here you
can see the difference between being
big and believing it or rather look at a
guy as millionaire as Morata can be
no How many millions does he not have And what
need No of  to put a child in your
car that he doesn't know can stain
the car eh I don't know what Okay what
need okay Well then he did
that he put it inside the ha he
gave him the shirt I mean that kid is not
going to forget these are life is too much
for
him you know I mean it's it's tremendous
Well then
this other clip of someone came to mind And I
said to myself the difference
okay stand back here inside with
these hands pull back t the photo t
the witch of the soul Thank you so much
heart really Thank you so much
Javi you didn't copy the no
no this was
a kiss look for it look for it out there that that
you was
mine
uncle and that's why well we shouldn't do We shouldn't
make people famous
people I understand that I don't understand that it's
not planned no Who to make famous
And who you know but look at you not the
attitude of the attitude of such
Hey what did you think of the great video on the
main channel a little bad that video didn't
look at it with disgust s those hands out those
hands out of here from the car
How
dude I remember what happened with Romero in the
no the treatment he gave to C we
already have
the we already have the 4 men2
you we already have the 4 men2
dude Hey but if it's true my internet went down
at home this brutal video
yesterday eh zero
son This
video these people are very obsessed with
elito
with all those who get along with him
How horrible a greeting
handsome
Well what are we going to do I love
being so relevant
[Music]
m the video this guy has been a [ __ ] job
that you flip out
dude I've already seen the tweet of del
being more relevant than Donald Trump We
've already seen it we've already commented on the
video this was a job that flips out
dude and as for the Editors I won't even tell you
also good good job
eh the subtitles was the mistake Raquel I
know but it's that already fixing the
subtitles issue I don't know why they came out like that
the
truth But already fixing the
subtitles issue would be eh Uf another day
Only for that there were two
Editors eh two Editors messed with the
video let's see  let's see a piece just
okay I understand that you've all seen
the video, don't be these are the
videos dude fam the video these are the
temporary videos dude what do we have to
do on the main channel okay look
17000 likes
236000 views will have more real okay
But these are the timeless videos
that we have to make dude because this is not
gossip okay They are not videos that
die in a week and it's not that Dallas
told Cook to Juan Guarnizo no no no
this is a video look I have a video like this
also
worked out that I feel very proud of
that video which is the one from the
documentary this guy in this
video they keep coming in for visits
recently I was celebrating that I had
500,000 that reached 500,000 well it
has 51,000 these days it will grow a little
more and reach 600,000 maybe it's
worth a video of a [ __ ] hour and a half 5
hours of Bruto a week compiling
things investigating these are videos that don't
die okay they are videos  that they don't die and I
want to give them this
turn, dude, videos, really really well done, really
good looking, okay, good content. Hey, maybe
good content can be made with
gossip too, but anyway, the video we
have today, I think it doesn't make
any sense
when I've been reviewing the
compilation that my
team and I have prepared to tell you this story
to record. This video that you're going to
enjoy. Now, when I was halfway through
the folders, the truth is that I was in
tears, I'm not exaggerating. I think it
was necessary to have a video like this
on the internet telling this story
so I wouldn't have to find
people on Spanish television again saying
things like Fran Cuesta got married in
2012 to Yuji, that he put those
lands in her name to save
a lot of money in taxes, come
on, I'm convinced of it, and now it comes to him more, before 2012 it was impossible for him, he says it was impossible to have anything in his name. But why? Now you open Pandora's box and everything that you didn't tell at the time you
tell it now why do you tell that you've already
been to a rehabilitation clinic
why?  You call her a drug addict and an alcoholic,
your children aren't going to listen to everything before,
yes And now the emotional part is one thing and
the economic part is another and then you
mix it all up to confuse and so that there is
more empathy for you By the
way, we are
40 subscribers away from reaching
334,000
334,000 Look, you're subscribed here
at the salsera,
okay Look, you're subscribed at the
salsera, I mean, if you put that land in
your ex-wife's name, you didn't have the
foresight to sign another contract
separately, bad luck or they don't know how much
the sanctuary costs And how much it is
valued today What could that
animal land be worth
In this video I'm going to tell you the
story of Francua and Yuji and the story of
both of them together, everything they've suffered,
everything they've been through, the loss of
a son, the years Lost by Yuji in
jail and Fran meanwhile fighting
against his leukemia, a life of effort
and sacrifice that has been
cut short at this moment by the situation in which
we  we found the
property today it was in my name but a
person I trusted told me that it wasn't
wise to protect myself we decided to
convert the property into a rental I'm not
going to comment again on everything that you already
know I think we've explained like 38
times Approximately on this channel and
the other two that I have what's
happened in the last month with the sanctuary
and Well I have to tell you also that I'm
going to put a link pinned in the
comments because at the moment in
which I'm recording This video that
you all have surely already found out
Fran has published a video for
oos members to six members and you see it in which he
explains this new twist in which it seems that he
is seeing a rapprochement
between and him And it may
finally be reached an agreement and he will stay with
the sanctuary freedom when we began to
investigate to record This video I did not
think that I would be so surprised by the
story of a person that I already
know quite well whom I have
interviewed on several occasions and in
which I have even spent several days in his
house on the other hand we have Yuji model
actress and let's say the it Gil that they call it
today of the moment in the  90s whose life
and career went down the drain because of
drugs and alcohol right
now yuji is trying to live the
life of a celebrity hanging out with the
Thai jet set but with Fran's money it's
hard in this video you're going to see how he
went from giving away crocs to giving
40,000 cars to his new partner wait
because the name is really bad okay alisa
into Smith is riper John which is his
real name yuji well
franca already explained this on some occasions
but I'm going to repeat it again because I
still hear in the media that
people believe that francua's children
are called Pepsi sape zorro in Thailand
everyone for example tuyupa too
who was with us last night on this
channel has a nickname I mean it's a
custom and everyone has a nickname apart from their
name yuji is a nickname her name is
alisa I'm not going to repeat her last name
and yuji for example
means wrinkle don't ask me
why but they named him wrinkle yui was born in
1973 her father was in the military and he was a
very handsome errand boy  Dude, he's very handsome, he has a lot of
information, man, I mean, we found things
that I said, how the fault is the
subtitles, eh, what a pain in the ass about the
subtitles, eh, but it was
already too much to fix
every little word, every subtitle. But you
say how the [ __ ]
how the [ __ ] did the [ __ ] place
find these things, man, crazy about the
interview he found about Yui,
eh, crazy about the interview he found about Yui,
man, look, look at Yui's house when it
was when she was a
kid,
yes, it's a shame about the subtitles. But
oh well, it doesn't matter because, let's see, it doesn't matter,
but it's true that how I
'm explaining, he's explaining
everything he's saying and so on, you know
how I'm explaining it. Well, well,
neither do I, let's see, it would have been a
good point, really. But oh well, it is what it is,
man. Look at Fran, eh, it's not that it is
understood, eclipse, it's just that, well, life. No,
look, Fran de Chico, look, look at Fran. Look at
Fran de
Chico, the subtitles would have been
clearly visible, you
know, look. Ah, Fran, what could Fran have?
What could Fran have here? 25
here he had here.  he could be 30 eh
Fran eh there he could be 30 years old
eh I'm going to leave you the video for a moment
while I heat up a coffee Okay and we'll
see a couple more gossip things
before we go to the main
tennis school called Bolettieri in Florida
Miami where he had the opportunity to
spar with tennis players like Mica Seles
Agasi Jin Curier Pete San Pras Parin I
imagine that you will recognize him from hearing him in
boxing not for the same reason but tennis is
like training okay while he was
preparing himself after his injury
Fran became a coach at this same
academy he had a salary as a coach
and accompanied tennis players to various
tournaments around the world until he
came across Thailand and fell in love with it
Fran decided to create a tennis school there
according to the Spanish embassy in 1998
Fran arrived in Thailand for the first time
there he trained several players when he
was not on tour with any and in fact he
was the coach of the most
important tennis player in Thailand parador
[ __ ] the names are fabric
parador it's  risha fan the editor is going to put it on
screen for you anyway in
case my pronunciation makes me hear myself in
Thai and you don't know who I'm
talking about okay next time bring me a
tennis player called Pedro Gonzalez and I'll
finish early by the way this tennis player made it to the
top 9 in the world his other
passion was still nature and from
time to time Fran would escape and
start exploring the forests and
jungles of Thailand looking for animals
and in neighboring countries like Burma in
fact the current user sanctuary is
very close to Burma it is not in Bangladesh
as many people think but it is in
a town that borders Burma
by the way on one of these excursions
Fran got lost for several days and they
had to rescue him this only made
his passion for the jungle and
animals grow more and more he went to
almost all the national parks and
studied the behavior of
reptiles this is called herpetology
and in Bangkok he joined several
animal protection groups where
people every time they found a
snake or something like that that
had gotten lost they would call Fran and his
colleagues and this  people rescued her and
returned them to their habitat already at that
time yuji in some
television interview had mentioned what her
type of perfect man was,
muscular foreigners athletes in fact that she
liked sports Like
tennis and that they were
active people Active
at the beginning of the century they met
apparently someone in common introduced them
Fran became interested in her he asked for her
phone number she rejected him this made her
more interested in him Until
finally they started dating That's my
wife and we called together 8 years we
met and got married 20
days later show for many years she was a singer she was an actress model yal but she met me and this is tape and this is fox fox The malandras This is what I do I play tennis I watch animals and it's in my family
Ed is 6 years old Ed is 4 years old he is already
50 years old I haven't said it because I have taken it for
granted but Fran says he is from Len and
despite being Spanish and that his job
requires traveling around various parts of the
world he has always wanted his
children to grow up in Thailand or at
least until they learned the
language well among all this  yuji
occasionally taking advantage of her pregnancy and her
romance with Fran tried to regain
relevance in the media and yes it is
true that on some occasions he did
things now let's see some but he
never did the same thing as in the
90s after the birth of Sipi and
sape Frank invested all the money he
had saved in setting up his own
tennis academy I invested to make
the tennis academy in Bank I invested
everything he paid a lot of money
for the land that I had bought
to make the courts we had The
Academy and here comes the first
tragedy as surely many of you
know cpi one of the two came with
heart problems and died at 9
months when my children were born we had
60 6000 we had about 2000 in the bank
Okay when the twins were born there was
Well one of them died okay months he was
born with heart problems Well there
were many Rivers two weeks after
Sipi's death Fran was diagnosed with
leukemia for the first time and the guy
fell for it and didn't say anything to his family so as
not to upset them further until he
had no other choice because  my
hair was falling out with the chemo eh two
weeks after cipi died two
weeks after cipi died they
diagnosed me with accelerated leukemia they
gave me three months to live okay we didn't have
a [ __ ] penny I think I survived
because I didn't want to die okay but you
understand life gives you ups and downs and I did
n't have a penny but not a penny nothing
we are [ __ ] up as hell zorro was born
premature with heart problems he was
born without a palate without hearing without speaking and
unable to walk until he was almost two he has
had 11 operations including two
heart operations he is currently sacrificing
what shouldn't be his putting what he
loves most before his family
Fran has told me this on many
occasions but at that time Fran was
given three months to live and the guy is
today fighting with servants forgive me for
the expression but he doesn't give a
damn what they throw at him he was determined not to
want to live and that's how it was and on top of that he
hid it so his family wouldn't be
upset anymore until he had no other
choice now the thing is that I had
at that time a woman who had just
lost a child a very young child and I
couldn't handle any more problems at that
time so I continued with
normal life I started Akimo and of course
two months went by and I was
starting to lose weight I was screwed I was you didn't
tell anyone eh in that the
first time not brutal like he was alone with
all this also with every bad news
that came to the family Yuji began
to drink more and more beastly
drink until you can't take it anymore he's even
very handsome the truth is that these are the
videos that make me proud you
understand and make a difference a little
also as a gossip channel that isn't
all
you know that it is known to be that they know how to do
more things No I was not telling the
truth about Fran forbidding her from
modeling it is that in this photo section
that you are seeing behind me Fran came
to participate with her children no And this is
a form of support for my taste so I
strongly disagree that she would resume
her career I would not be on June 17
But okay well
let's comment on some things
better that we still have
around here half an hour we still have around here half an hour I haven't prepared much well I haven't prepared anything the live I'm not going to lie to you but wait in the group They've sent me some things in the group They've sent me some things in the group and they comment on it
three gossip there's an
extract
Dean pl I comment on it and here it came out because
of
princessita delos again Throwing The
Dalas on Twitter it seems to me already
absurd
very pathetic guy that he sent me oh it's true
we have a little thing from Abi no but I
also have another one of the best of the ones
we put on
Twitter but yes yes it's
true that thing about
Abi let's see we had This of the best and I'm
missing Please also give me the clip of
Juan Guarnizo to give the contest delor
p of Juan Guarnizo defending River
also worth it while I see the thing with
Abi let's see that Abi is usually funny
Let's see it's that I already said it in the
Sky video no eh it's necessary in this
Spanish speaking what happened has been or rather I'll
tell you  my perspective is what I
talked to Sky about but I'm telling you
because it doesn't seem like it can't be
said since last year all
the Nazis and the funas and such happened
the community became very fragmented there started to be
like a lot of relationships between streamers
eh Very shady there were already many streamers
who couldn't even stand each other we can't
even stand each other better said I got
together and people started to collaborate
much less many groups
of friends of content creators broke up and
the whole situation became very tense along with
that ibai got much more into
esports and left the events aside
So since last year we have seen
a total deterioration of
Spanish-speaking content because nobody who Sky
wasn't a SIM Look Sky that guy did a
live to me once they sent me the click but
for the [ __ ] face man but for the
[ __ ] face [ __ ] son of a [ __ ]
[ __ ] son of a [ __ ] as well as
insulting me very hard he was going all
out and I don't know why but I think it was
because of Abi I mean I think it was because of Abi
because he had like a Crash  with Abi I mean I
remember that she used to put in her live
the photos of Abi she would say Look at her look
at her she's perfect Look at
her look at her nothing with anyone and you'll say Oh but
for good content people don't have to get
together we were fed up with
events like Javi How about the video he gave
to Rabal questioning Frank about the
video for the money why I tell you I
imagine it will be some kind of
wake-up call to see if he gets Frank to
respond to him I say Rabal I said it
the other day I don't care what you
send me I imagine that the level will rise
as nobody answers him and he
thinks that it's going to be some viral or that they're
going to take notice they know without more eh what I
want from him is for him to take the
lawsuit okay I filed a lawsuit at the
beginning of the year for a series of
statements he made about me that then have to be
expanded okay And he doesn't take it
or it doesn't reach him I don't know what happens with the
lawsuit okay
but that's the only thing I mean then everything
else well I don't know  I imagine about the
attempted content he asked Fran for a live
stream, not a live stream, not like if he
wanted to do a live stream with him, I don't know,
Fran obviously isn't going to do anything
with him or answer him, you
can just say, let's go, he's not going to answer him, that's
not the point, the point is that being a
video game streamer is super cool
and obviously they are needed and they have, like,
their people who love it, etc.
But I think She's my opinion and in the
end I think the numbers support what I
say, the top content is when
occasionally, I'm not saying it has to be
something continuous, but occasionally people
get together, people get together and
something a little more is created and top things are made,
eh, thank goodness there's so much fake in the
series and this was basically authentic.
Yes, I'm not talking about the series, I mean, I haven't
made series, I said events, the
series, eh, the fewer there are, the better, they
all seem like crap to me. No, not like that either,
but I'm not talking about gaming, I talk about things
more, well, that's it, getting together and doing things from
there on, in my opinion, the
Spanish-speaking content went to hell, I mean, it
went to hell  [ __ ] at the beginning of this ah
no s it was last year the thing about her
going to the [ __ ] right now eh I think that
the Hispanic community the people who speak
Spanish or Castilian or however you want to
say it there's nothing you can say this is
taking away the evening and the evening doesn't count
because it's like a content that is so
high up that it doesn't even compare all the
gossip people etcetera has achieved
so much impact what is that it's disgusting
right now twich scary disgusting disgusting disgusting disgusting to
get into it disgusting to see This
girl blames the
gossip channel community for absolutely everything
eh she's going to look like a person that the
other day you know what I don't know if you've
seen her on the Lollipop Channel you
have it in case you want to see it there's a
girl like this a little overweight who
blames me for having
gained weight who blames me for her
physique literally look at it on the
Lollipop Channel you're going to find it it's
like [ __ ] I don't lack anything anymore I
have everything  the [ __ ] fault is me triber 2 and on top of that it's
all the loo This is that it has like a
thing with the gossip channels it's like let's
see There will be people that you might like more
and others that are less there will be some That
manipulate what falls on you we have seen some
occasions here no but in the end
things are commented on that
are that are there not what happens no Val is all the value itself Everything is centralized there because it is and there is mixel and where they two are there the people will be So right now what is exploding a lot is esps eh everything bad right now Twitch is in August which is normal it is
normal but overall I would say that we have had
a year of decline of content
imo in August for me there have been
many issues the truth and many that I have
not been able to deal with many I have not been
able to deal with because
Oh we have to see what Gref does eh I
have to see that because I want to know with an
extract and I want to promote live
tomorrow at 4:2 it gives us time okay
man in August I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] what have
I released in
August well in August I was very
focused on Fran's too  Ricky's thing came up, I
think this came out in August, no way
What a shame, man, I mean, this is a video,
I didn't expect that these
videos were going to be played, man, I think that in the end when
you mix so many songs, some of them get played, but
come on, this is going to continue being the
routine of the Channel. Eh, This was at the
beginning, it's true, I mean, there are a lot of
things, eh, I mean, yes, there has been a lot of
content,
eh, and in fact, there are many that I have
left behind because of the trips, eh. There are
many topics that I have left behind because of the
trips,
eh, but there have been many things, eh,
many things,
man, it's true that August. I think
the biggest issue has been with
Fran, okay, I think it was with
Fran for a few days,
my fight with Ricky. I think it's
moved too, whether you like it or not,
and the mother who gave birth to me. Eh, how many [ __ ]
videos do I release a month, look, all this was
after Thailand, trust me, the [ __ ]
idea of hoo that I am. Eh, This was while I
was in
Thailand. No, but from there, no places on
Twitter,
please.
Ah, It's true, Dallas answered the
ex.  true because they took
your old clips out of context it's true
around here the Fran thing already started
and fist you this interview that I uploaded I
uploaded it on the salsera because I didn't I did
n't expect the sanctuary thing to
escalate so much I imagined that
well maybe they had a falling out but
that they would fix it and I uploaded this interview
on the salsera dude I mean
[ __ ] Fran comes here before anywhere else
to comment on it here and I upload it to the
[ __ ] salsera This was in the main
well it's true my skylar yes or no Yes or
no is my opinion I don't know how you guys see it
but I feel like in the last
year there hasn't been a single project that I've
said this is outrageous I
think right now anything that's
half done that doesn't even have to be
hard work or have any money behind it
any [ __ ] [ __ ] that's minimally
thought out funny l Busta right now
because it's been done I'm going to do it I'm going to do it such a
huge void of content Ah I'm
going to do it I'm going to do it eh this year
since I already have the
clip of the year award it's probably worth it Yes
not for one for another okay If not for one
thing for another then this year will be easy
but next year I will try to
win the event of the year okay I don't know
what the series I do will be about but something Javi
Congratulations on the work with the
video Frank and in general The great
quality content that you give you are
great you are loved I want you I love you
Alejandro handsome why you haven't put
anything Son Hey well we try we try to
work we try to work tatic a
kiss Hey I'm going handsome to the
main channel because today I have an
important live I'm going handsome to the
main channel or
what the clip of the year went to Fran
fighting with a deer I mean this year we
will go Fran and I nominated for the elan no that they wouldn't
stand it no that
couldn't be also it's that they started
watching too many series and everyone got
saturated I think that's the summary it's do
n't touch my
dick I mean don't touch my dick it's
on Twitter Lu I just finished it I had just finished I
closed it because I'm
stupid clip of the year is the one that game
Willy re made and it's the the
deer the
deer or the him and if it isn't already a
manipulated taso pereca that a person who is not
that there are no more is that there are no more but it is like that
is looking beyond it is not that
people are saturated from being in
series because I tell you that
tomorrow they make a top series and
everyone is in it and everyone is
watching it what happened is that
last year the community was fragmented and
now bringing it together is impossible and
Ah it was fragmented Of course it was fragmented
last year the
faces were seen the faces were seen the faces
so much gossip
and so much he doesn't have the balls to
nominate a clip from Dallas Of course but let's
see the Dallas clip the clip of what
game did Willy re do even if it's on my
channel
and it would be from Dallas
no even if it's on my channel the clip would be
from Dallas actually no I mean it would be
like me there putting on a [ __ ] brave face no there me
to collect the award no or what the click
would be from Dallas no let's see I go and collect
the award And I and I
take it or so the best farm 30,000
spectators there watching how
the
two were fighting but the prize is his not the cli is
his
no by the way Ah I have to put a
lot of strikes to people Well yesterday I put
a lot of strikes
okay I almost never pay attention to these types of
things and I don't put a strike But this time I did
have to put a strike Because look at the
clip and and the part of the
live only of the one where I play
Wily Rey and little else with hundreds of thousands
of visits okay of the interviews with
Fran and the children and such short but short
of half a million visits but nothing more I
mean no someone comments no no no no The
boom the shorts that I have not uploaded because it
took us a while to upload it because
the editor went bad okay there is a clip from the tiktok
with like 500000 likes but on tiktok I don't
know if I can throw it away no but I have to
dedicate a few time to it I mean the ones that
were already on the studio panel I have
taken down but I still have to take down
a few there that don't come out and I
have to and I have to throw it away I mean
[ __ ] you know but I really freak out I
freak out with the people  man ah sensitivity
when speaking on Stream so that
anything you say they'll sound like
people are tired of doing
anything that's going to get numbers and
getting together and and such relationships and and
everything went to [ __ ] last year
and the gossip carales and such only puts
people off
besides I mean the gossip channels
eh what the [ __ ] do they have to do with
echoing the things that you yourselves do I mean it doesn't make
sense how don't they
give it more diffusion no because maybe
I say something and nobody finds out if
nobody echoes it I find it pathetic Hey
something more important in this clip luar
to deal with this also that we're
talking about and see what gref does to announce
gref's live today What is that well
IV isn't doing events and Juan
isn't doing Stream and such and such and
really I mean it's been like a
lot emptied everything was emptied two years ago it
must be Juan's thing man what will it be with me
Juan what will he come back with This is the same
Okay then let's leave it here what  will it be that
Yo Juan who says he's
preparing a
handsome comeback let's see I wanted to see this more
than anything to give some context to what we're
going to see of the millor the millor
has gotten really hard
with Juan Guarnizo what can I tell you eh
Why Why has Juan
Guarnizo left that little mustache on his face it
looks like the drip from the
colacao but he's disguised or is it like that let's
see Juan guiso obviously supports
Rivers because of the fact that he
won the streamers of the year award
people start to cry and I don't know what I don't know
how much I'm not going to see a little of what
Juan said I'm not going to see it all because
the c is that we're going to see that the millor
has insulted him for his [ __ ] face okay
because this kid the millor hits himself like that
all the time dude That's his content I
mean skipping all the lines insulting
all the creators I mean he's not even
critical anymore it's just insulting insulting insulting
without more things friends tell me
what happened n Nina It's a
joke about the mustache of the  colac a
joke damn you're going to cry because I told him that
okay okay [ __ ] [ __ ] It's not that
you interrupted me I felt
bad Rivers won streamer of the year yesterday
uh a lot of people crying if instead of
crying they voted they wouldn't be crying
so much what a pain in the ass to k a spe vote for
them idiots that's what it means to have a
community that is very active also I
think that there is a very important thing and that
is the fact that K Speed himself is
not very interested in these
awards you know So for the same reason his
own community is not very motivated to
vote okay Yeah I mean basically they are
awards that were based entirely on votes
what happens well if they are based
entirely on votes it's one
of two things either you send your followers to
vote okay
or well in the case of River it is that
apparently she hasn't even sent people
to vote but the community itself has
taken the initiative and has gone to
vote okay I mean it's incredible no
super strong community there are many communities there are
several communities that are super strong
uh on the internet I think that the
Dallas community is indisputably
indisputably  I think it's one of the
most powerful,
eh. They're one of the best, eh. One of the most
powerful. And then I think River
Plate's is also a
huge one, you know, but that's also due to the
quantity, but maybe
Dallas's is just that it's a lot of fabric,
the community is so strong and how they
unite for it, you know, I mean, that's
tremendous,
eh. And then there's the kids
who are
bullying me and the
gentlemen, they use their visa number
to send me messages, okay, I mean, for
example,
yesterday I was going up in the
hotel elevator looking for the pool and I get
a WhatsApp, okay. And it
tells me, but without any context or
anything, eh. I get a WhatsApp,
period. It
tells me a photo, a photo that I'm not going to
show on screen, obviously, but a
photo of the lady in the car
in the morning with a cigarette in her mouth.
And she tells me this morning at 8 on my way to
work, laughing face emoji, I'm
Monce and my last name is
OK. And 5 minutes later she sends me another WhatsApp and
says, don't take it out,
eh. But this.  It's like that very very
commonly
eh I mean the grandmothers' friend
I am no no but it's very common to receive
WhatsApp messages from gentlemen you don't
do it kids when they are kids they
are just stalkers what they talk about
eh I mean suddenly my phone starts ringing
There's an idiot who calls very
often anonymous and it's so that I say Oh
look I'm contacting Javi Oliveira
No and now I pick it up I say come on Be
funny and
Play it and hang up it's going to be some tune they are
literally stalkers
special people the kids a kid is not going
to call you on the phone to say you
Javi Oliveira idiot but the lady what she
does is they talk to you on WhatsApp and they
send you a photo they send you I don't know
the other day they sent me for example eh
one I don't answer them eh I don't
answer them because I can't p talk to you
now and p Let's go okay
eh the other d they sent me a what's it
called Ah what's this called that is sewn
and put on the stretcher table
some that are done like this with the stitches
of cru But what do you call that
white thing with
thick thread a thong you're not sick mat mat
well they send me a mat that they
just made but because they
consider that I know that I might
like it and they send it to me and it's very good the
truth they send it to me and it's very good the
truth I find out about the mat that they
made and and and that's it Okay but well but
well we will grow we will grow
okay so much that they suck Kai ait vote for
them [ __ ] that's what it means to have a
community that is very active also I
think that there is a very important thing and it
is that this guy is [ __ ] with all
my respect now that I'm here what
this [ __ ] guy really happens to him or rather this
guy what he does is that
now that I'm on Kick I can say it
but he's no longer on Twitch anything, I mean
this
guy is insulting everyone who
hangs out with Dallas because Dallas is a
very bad person he insults and criticizes
everyone okay But he feels that
now that he's on Kick he can
insult and say terrible things charge
crimes against people super
freely or rather  No, it's not about the issue of
whether you think it's right or wrong to insult
people and treat them like that, but because of the
fact that you can get a
strike. Do you ever say something other than
nonsense? Rivers won
streamer of the year yesterday, it's not defensible, it's a
bad award given only and solely because she's a
woman, period. I
know what being a woman has to do with that
award, I mean, they're not
progress awards, I mean, it's not an award for being a
woman, it literally goes by
people's votes, but cow penis was a hater, in the
end it stayed here, it has a white lion and
everything. I mean, what the [ __ ] is this
guy coming up with? I mean, no, no, no, no, look, he would be the
first, eh? Hey, because, because, because of,
inclusive, because of being inclusive, by balls,
not forced inclusive, no, but
literally they are awards that
depend on the votes of people. I
mean, they're not progressive awards, they're not awards
that, I
mean, they are awards by
votes, a woman could have won,
like I could have won, what do I
know? A doormat, it
makes no sense, dude, it ended up neither community
nor deserved nor anything, there's no more, it's an
irrelevant award without any kind of
foundation and that  she won it because she's a
woman it's over like it's not because of
the votes it doesn't matter if it's because of the votes it's
votes because she's a woman also what do you
think the sards are for fans not like you
can but then muran would win oh
I also the problem I
have with the millor guy is that
many times I try to react to the
millor's clips as if it were
a person that we know that
we can comment there Well look what he
says look his opinion I share it I don't share it
over here he's talking to me Triun Whether being or
because she's a woman simply because of taking advantage of
wanting to give a little inclusivity or
because she's a woman because she has a lot of
Sims whatever it is because she's a woman is the
reason why she won period No there's
nothing to defend does
the girl have any fault no not at all worth it
the awards are criticized the
general situation is criticized a lot of people crying
if instead of crying they voted they wouldn't be
crying so much that they suck here you think
idiot what nonsense did you just say let's
see also it should be said things don't
happen for fun I mean surely if
rivers  she won that award it's because she's
been pushing congratulations to rivis whether
you like it or not Congratulations No no
congratulations it's an undeserved award she doesn't
even deserve to be on the list there's
nothing to congratulate there's nothing to congratulate there's
nothing to congratulate like I
really deserve that she's your friend
no no Congratulations rivers no Congratulations
No no Gan she doesn't deserve it it's a crazy award
It's that she tilts me like the nonsense they
say Oh you should have voted I don't know what you wouldn't have
voted you shouldn't be
realistic It's that there's only one opinion the
awards are poorly made and that's it they're
incorrect awards rivers did
n't deserve the award And that's it, don't give
her [ __ ] about rivers because it's
probably not her fault okay let's
see she probably has some fault well I
mean I would be surprised if
rivers hadn't been pushing for
her to be voted for Every single [ __ ] day if you don't
do that no I don't care that River has been
asking you to vote I don't know if
I'm wrong okay I don't know if you
can tell me otherwise but it doesn't
exactly sound familiar to me The Movida has been that  that what they have
organized he didn't ask for it
right he didn't ask for it but like
Speed this one didn't I mean Speed If
Speed had gone all out Pin Pin
Pin to ask for it Maybe they'll
get it they throw it out you know how they are that you have to
be a little coherent and you can't
defend it indefensible all the time
because if not then your opinions
have no value and that's why that's what
makes me angry about this Juan Guarnizo
he only defends his friends and
the [ __ ] nonsense That he doesn't look at what he
just said dude I'm going to make a
video about him the best one day I'm going to
make a video for him dude but it's like
taking it as if it were a person making a
video about this guy seriously no I mean don't
be ironic no Look at what he said
eh look during every [ __ ] day if you don't
do that they won't vote for you you know how disgusting they
are that you have to be a little
coherent and you can't defend it
indefensible everything you have to be a little
coherent and you can't defend the
indefensible all the time picture with  k
because if not then your opinions
have no value and that's why that's
why if not then your opinions
have no value dude it's that and in the
previous cli just now I was telling you
who I saw you with I
compared you it doesn't make sense this
turkey it doesn't make sense this
turkey That's what makes me angry about Juan
Guarnizo he only defends his
friends and the [ __ ] nonsense that doesn't
make any sense the little bit of what I know
a little bit of coherence dude [ __ ] [ __ ] Yes he did
n't deserve the award he wasn't
there he wasn't even in the competition period I
can tell you that on this topic what
has bothered me the most is the opinion of
this gentleman you know how to say to me that
comment like well you should have voted
crazier really you are a little princess I
Level eh I'm
serious But how are you going to say that being
the best dude I mean you can't
say that being the best eh you are a little
princess iq
libel Oh really I'm going to go to the
main channel we change the register
in nothing we're going to do
the we do a raid for the
main channel you can you can go to the Channel  from
trium to my Channel we're both going to be
live at the same time today okay
and I'm going to I'm going there okay it will probably
take 5 minutes because I'll talk
to trium for 5 minutes privately but
heat up a coffee eh make yourselves comfortable okay
I don't know Even if I should go and have another
Red Bull because I've already had some And
the truth is I'm starting to get a
little exhausted But well now maybe
with the
pace today is the verdict of course In
half an hour the verdict will come out so I'm
going over there okay I'm going over there
to the main channel Okay and it will take 5
minutes to start okay it will be
over there trium kiss people I'll see you later
well see you there okay